roles/power_aix_vioshc/files/vioshc.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
roles/power_aix_vioshc/files/vioshc.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
roles/power_aix_vioshc/files/vioshc.py shebang!skip
roles/power_aix_bootstrap/files/yum_installer.sh shellcheck!skip #helper script
plugins/modules/alt_disk.py pylint:consider-using-dict-items
plugins/modules/nim_updateios.py pylint:consider-using-dict-items
plugins/modules/nim_vios_alt_disk.py pylint:consider-using-dict-items
plugins/modules/nim_vios_hc.py pylint:consider-using-dict-items
plugins/modules/nim_viosupgrade.py pylint:consider-using-dict-items
plugins/modules/flrtvc.py pylint:consider-using-with
plugins/modules/nim_flrtvc.py pylint:consider-using-with
plugins/modules/nim_suma.py pylint:consider-using-with
plugins/modules/nim_viosupgrade.py pylint:consider-using-with
plugins/modules/suma.py pylint:consider-using-with
plugins/modules/flrtvc.py pylint:unspecified-encoding
plugins/modules/suma.py pylint:unspecified-encoding
plugins/modules/nim_flrtvc.py pylint:unspecified-encoding
plugins/modules/nim_suma.py pylint:unspecified-encoding
plugins/modules/nim_viosupgrade.py pylint:unspecified-encoding
plugins/modules/lpar_facts.py pylint:use-dict-literal
plugins/modules/mktun.py pylint:use-dict-literal
plugins/modules/mount.py pylint:use-dict-literal
plugins/modules/emgr.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/mktcpip.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/mkfilt.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/installp.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/inittab.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/smtctl.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/nim_vios_hc.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/_nim_upgradeios.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/nim_updateios.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/nim_suma.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/nim_viosupgrade.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/suma.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/lvm_facts.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/devices.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/aixpert.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/nim.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/nim_backup.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/group.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/user.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/alt_disk.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/filesystem.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/backup.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/flrtvc.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/lvol.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/lvg.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/mount.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/nim_flrtvc.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/nim_vios_alt_disk.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/geninstall.py pylint:consider-using-f-string
plugins/modules/emgr.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/mkfilt.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/nim_vios_hc.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/_nim_upgradeios.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/nim_updateios.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/nim_suma.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/nim_viosupgrade.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/suma.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/nim.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/nim_backup.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/group.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/alt_disk.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/filesystem.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/backup.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/flrtvc.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/lvol.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/lvg.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/mount.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/nim_flrtvc.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
plugins/modules/nim_vios_alt_disk.py pylint:global-variable-not-assigned
